hi everyone welcome to Vans kitchen
today I'd like to show you how to make
Algar jelly candy lovelyz will that's a
lot of fun to make and eat okay let's
start
put the rock sugar and white sugar in a
saucepan add water turn on the heat and
stir until the sugar is melted then
bring to a boil add the other and stir
until the auger is dissolved and the mr.
is transparent I wanted to make four
different colors so I bought out only
half a cup of the mixture here if you
make multiple colors be sure to keep the
remaining mister on the ranch at low
heat active wood coloring mix well then
go into a mode this is a standard bread
loaf pan repeat the process with the
other colors let them cool for 1 hour or
until they are set take it out
cut it into the lens you like then use a
crinkle cutter to cut the candy at the
thickness you like ok now spread the
candy on a baking sheet bake at the
lowest temperature your oven can go
while keeping the oven door open
quietly bake until the surface of candy
is dry and the sugar has recrystallized
then flip over and bake the other side
until dry I bait at 170 degrees
Fahrenheit for about 2 hours on each
side for more fun you can use ice cube
trays like this or a chocolate mode this
is very easy to pop them out when they
are set then bake the same way as before
okay bye guys you next time
you